Dec 23 Status.md, before:

STATUS REPORT
WORKING:

Pusher integration successfully handling data flow
Chart rendering with correct values and styling
Dark/light mode switching
Color-coding based on values
Real-time updates
Error handling/logging

KEY ACHIEVEMENT:
Initial data flow success confirmed via:

Netlify logs show proper data processing
Pusher debug console shows successful message delivery
Chart renders in Glide with correct values/styling

CURRENT ISSUE:
White box flash before chart appears
PROPOSED SOLUTIONS (Priority Order):

Glide-side Optimization:

Let you attempt Glide configuration changes first
May resolve issue at source

Pre-rendered Chart:

javascriptCopy// Initialize empty chart immediately
function createEmptyChart() {
// Same config but without data
// Add animation settings for data entry
}

Loading State Enhancement:

javascriptCopy// Add loading styling
#chart-container {
background: match-parent-background;
transition: opacity 0.3s;
}
RECOMMENDATION:
Test solutions in order listed. Pre-rendered chart approach is proven viable from previous testing but try Glide optimization first.
ROLLBACK POINT:
Current commit represents stable version with working:

get-chart-values.js
test-api.html
update-chart-data.js
Pusher integration

Commit message:

STABLE INITIAL LOAD - but not after

Dec 23 Status.md, after:

# Dec 23 Status Report

WORKING

Pusher integration successfully handling data flow
Chart rendering with correct values and styling
Dark/light mode switching
Color-coding based on values
Real-time updates
Error handling/logging

KEY ACHIEVEMENT:
Initial data flow success confirmed via:

Netlify logs show proper data processing
Pusher debug console shows successful message delivery
Chart renders in Glide with correct values/styling

CURRENT ISSUE:
White box flash before chart appears
PROPOSED SOLUTIONS (Priority Order):

Glide-side Optimization:

Let you attempt Glide configuration changes first
May resolve issue at source

Pre-rendered Chart:

javascriptCopy// Initialize empty chart immediately
function createEmptyChart() {
// Same config but without data
// Add animation settings for data entry
}

Loading State Enhancement:

javascriptCopy// Add loading styling

# chart-container {

background: match-parent-background;
transition: opacity 0.3s;
}

RECOMMENDATION:
Test solutions in order listed. Pre-rendered chart approach is proven viable from previous testing but try Glide optimization first.

ROLLBACK POINT:
Current commit represents stable version with working:

get-chart-values.js
test-api.html
update-chart-data.js
Pusher integration

Stable at 5:25PM, but there are errors that need to be dealt with after initial load.
